README.adoc, before:

= javascript-package-delegator: A Universal JavaScript Package Manager CLI

:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
:sectnums:
:sectanchors:
:imagesdir: docs/images

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-Go-blue.svg[Go]
image:https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/ci.yml?branch=main[CI]
image:https://img.shields.io/github/license/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator[License]
image:https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator[Latest Release]

// Abstract/Introduction
`javascript-package-delegator` (jpd) is a powerful and intuitive Command Line Interface (CLI) tool designed to streamline your workflow across various JavaScript package managers. Inspired by the simplicity of `@antfu/ni`, `jpd` automatically detects the package manager used in your project (npm, Yarn, pnpm, Bun, or Deno) based on existing lock files and configuration, then transparently delegates your commands to the appropriate tool.

This eliminates the need to remember different commands or continuously switch between package managers when collaborating in diverse teams or managing multiple projects. `jpd` provides a unified experience, allowing you to focus on development rather than toolchain nuances.

== Features

`jpd` offers a comprehensive set of features to simplify your JavaScript development experience:

*   **Automatic Package Manager Detection:** Intelligently identifies the active package manager by checking for `package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, `pnpm-lock.yaml`, `bun.lockb`, `deno.json`, `deno.jsonc`, or `deno.lock`.
*   **Unified Command Set:** Provides a consistent API for common package management tasks, regardless of the underlying tool:
    ** `jpd install` (`i`, `add`):** Installs project dependencies.
    ** `jpd run` (`r`):** Executes scripts defined in `package.json` or tasks in `deno.json`.
    ** `jpd exec` (`x`):** Executes packages (e.g., `npx`, `yarn dlx`, `pnpm dlx`, `bunx`).
    ** `jpd update` (`u`, `up`, `upgrade`):** Updates installed packages to their latest compatible versions.
    ** `jpd uninstall` (`un`, `remove`, `rm`):** Removes specified packages from your project.
    ** `jpd clean-install` (`ci`):** Performs a clean installation with a frozen lockfile, ideal for CI/CD environments and production builds.
    ** `jpd agent` (`a`):** Displays the detected package manager for the current project.
*   **Intelligent Yarn Version Handling:** Differentiates between Yarn v1 and Yarn v2+ for `clean-install` and `exec` commands, applying the correct flags (`--frozen-lockfile` vs. `--immutable` / `yarn` vs. `yarn dlx`).
*   **Interactive Package Installation (`-s`, `--search`):** Provides an interactive interface for users to search for packages on the npm registry and select which ones to install.
*   **Interactive Script/Task Selection:** When `jpd run` is executed without arguments, `jpd` displays an interactive list of available scripts from `package.json` (or tasks from `deno.json`) for you to choose from.
*   **Interactive Uninstall:** Use `jpd uninstall` without arguments or with the `-i` flag to interactively select and remove dependencies from your project.
*   **Automatic Package Manager Installation Prompt:** If `jpd` detects a lock file for a specific package manager (e.g., `yarn.lock`) but that package manager is not installed on your system, `jpd` will now interactively prompt you to provide a command to install it globally, ensuring you can quickly get started without manual setup.
*   **Flexible Agent Selection:** Override automatic detection using the `--agent` (`-a`) flag or the `JPD_AGENT` environment variable to explicitly specify your preferred package manager for a command or session.
*   **Change Directory Execution:** Use the `--cwd` (`-C`) flag to execute any `jpd` command within a specified directory without changing your current shell's working directory. This is particularly useful for running commands in sub-projects or remote locations without manually navigating. Note: paths provided to `--cwd` must end with a trailing `/` (e.g., `/path/to/project/`) unless the path is the root `/`. In CI builds that set the CI build flag via `-ldflags`, the trailing slash requirement is relaxed and both `path` and `path/` are accepted.
*   **Comprehensive Shell Completion:** `jpd` provides scripts to enable tab-completion for its commands and flags in popular shells, including Bash, Zsh, Fish, PowerShell, and Nushell.
*   **External Integrations:** Generate Warp terminal workflows and Carapace completion specs with the `integrate` command. See link:#integrations[Integrations] section.
*   **Volta Integration:** Automatically uses Volta to run Node.js package manager commands if Volta is detected on your system, ensuring the correct Node.js version (as defined by Volta) is used.
*   **Debugging Capabilities:** Enable a debug mode (`--debug` or `-d`) to view verbose logging, aiding in troubleshooting and understanding command execution.
*   **Go-based Performance:** Written in Go, `jpd` is compiled into a single static binary, offering fast execution and easy distribution without runtime dependencies.

== Installation

`jpd` is distributed as a single binary and can be installed via popular package managers or by downloading the binary directly.

[source,bash]
----
# Via Homebrew (macOS/Linux)
brew install louiss0/tap/jpd

# Via Scoop (Windows)
scoop bucket add louiss0 https://github.com/louiss0/scoop-bucket.git
scoop install jpd

# Via Winget (Windows)
winget install jpd

# Via Chocolatey (Windows)
choco install jpd

# Manual Installation (Cross-platform)
# Download the appropriate binary for your OS from the
# https://github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/releases[releases page]
# and place it in your system's PATH.
----

== Usage

=== CI build flag behavior

In Continuous Integration (CI) builds, you can toggle a build-time flag to relax the `--cwd` folder path trailing-slash validation. By default (local builds), `--cwd` values must end with `/` (except the root `/`). In CI mode, both `path` and `path/` are accepted.

How to build in CI mode (relaxed `--cwd`):

[source,bash]
----
# Tests
go test -ldflags "-X github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/build_info.rawCI=true" ./...

# Build
go build -ldflags "-X github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/build_info.rawCI=true" -o jpd ./...
----

Notes:
- CI mode is controlled only via `-ldflags` (no environment detection).
- The relaxation applies only to the `--cwd` folder path flag; other validations are unchanged.

Once installed, you can use `jpd` in place of your usual package manager commands.

=== General Usage

To see all available commands and global flags:
[source,bash]
----
jpd --help
----

To run a command:
[source,bash]
----
jpd <command> [arguments...] [flags...]
----

For command-specific help:
[source,bash]
----
jpd <command> --help
----

=== Commands at a Glance

A compact overview of `jpd` commands. For detailed usage, flags, and examples, see the complete https://louiss0.github.io/javascript-package-delegator/reference/commands/[command reference].

.Install and run basics:
* `jpd install` - Install dependencies
* `jpd run dev` - Run script/task

.Package execution:
* `jpd exec create-react-app my-app` - Execute packages

.Maintenance:
* `jpd update` - Update packages
* `jpd uninstall lodash` - Remove packages  
* `jpd clean-install` - Clean install (CI/CD)

.Agent:
* `jpd agent` - Show detected package manager

.Integrations (see docs for full details):
* `jpd integrate warp --output-dir ./workflows/` - Generate Warp workflow files
* `jpd integrate warp` - Print workflows as multi-doc YAML
* `jpd integrate carapace` - Install Carapace spec globally
* `jpd integrate carapace --stdout` - Print spec to stdout
* `jpd integrate carapace --output ./jpd.yaml` - Write spec to file

[[integrations]]
=== Integrations

Generate external tool integrations with the `integrate` command:

[source,bash]
----
# Warp workflows
jpd integrate warp --output-dir ./workflows/
jpd integrate warp  # print multi-doc YAML to stdout

# Carapace spec
jpd integrate carapace            # install globally (default)
jpd integrate carapace --stdout   # print to stdout
jpd integrate carapace --output ./jpd.yaml
----

For flags, precedence rules, and OS paths, see the https://louiss0.github.io/javascript-package-delegator/reference/commands/#integrate[Integrate command reference].

== Configuring automatic installation of JavaScript package managers

If a detected JavaScript package manager is not found a suitable installation command will be asked from you in an interative prompt. Once that happens the value will be stored in a file

== Contributing

NOTE:
.This project is developed using a Test-Driven Development (TDD) approach.
To run the test suite, use the `ginkgo` test runner:
[source,sh]
----
ginkgo run
----
To watch files for changes and re-run tests automatically:
[source,sh]
----
ginkgo watch
----
To validate behaviors related to `--cwd` path validation in CI mode, run tests with the CI build flag:
[source,sh]
----
go test ./... -race -coverprofile=coverage.out -ldflags "-X github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/build_info.rawCI=true"
----

== Project Structure

The project follows a modular structure to ensure maintainability and testability:

[source,sh]
----
├── cmd
│   ├── agent.go        // 'agent' command logic
│   ├── clean-install.go// 'clean-install' command logic
│   ├── completion.go   // 'completion' command logic, including all shell completions
│   ├── exec.go         // 'exec' command logic
│   ├── install.go      // 'install' command logic
│   ├── integrate.go    // 'integrate' command logic (warp, carapace)
│   ├── root.go         // Main Cobra root command setup and persistent logic
│   ├── run.go          // 'run' command logic
│   ├── uninstall.go    // 'uninstall' command logic
│   └── update.go       // 'update' command logic
├── cmd/assets          // Contains embedded assets for commands (e.g., Nushell completion script)
│   └── jpd-extern.nu
├── custom_errors       // Custom error definitions
│   └── root.go
├── custom_flags        // Custom Cobra flags for common use cases, including path validation
│   └── root.go
├── detect              // Package manager detection logic, including file system and path lookup abstractions for testability
│   └── root.go
├── env                 // Environment-related utilities (e.g., Go environment checks)
│   └── root.go
├── internal/integrations // Generators for Warp workflows and Carapace spec
├── jpd-test            // Test utilities and helpers
├── ni                  // (Potentially deprecated or internal alias related to `ni` inspiration)
├── LICENSE
├── README.adoc         // This documentation file
├── cmd_test.go         // Tests for commands in `cmd` package
├── coverprofile.out    // Go test coverage output
├── default.nix         // Nix package configuration
├── detect_test.go      // Tests for `detect` package
├── go.mod              // Go module definition
├── go.sum              // Go module checksums
├── goreleaser.yaml     // GoReleaser configuration for releases
├── javascript-package-delegator_suite_test.go // Ginkgo test suite setup
└── main.go             // Entry point of the application
----

*   The `cmd` package contains the implementation for all `jpd` commands, organized into separate files for clarity.
*   `cmd/assets` is a new directory storing assets embedded directly with their Go code.
*   `custom_errors` is designed for creating named, reusable error types.
*   `custom_flags` provides generic flag definitions for Cobra commands, now including robust path validation.
*   The `detect` package encapsulates the logic for identifying the JavaScript package manager in a project, now with improved testability via injected file system and path lookup interfaces.
*   The `env` package contains environment-related utilities, potentially including checks for production/development modes.

== Tools and Libraries Used

`jpd` is built using robust Go libraries and tools:

|===
| Type | Name | Description

| CLI Framework | `spf13/cobra` | A library for creating powerful modern CLI applications.
| Logging | `charmbracelet/log` | A structured, colorful logger for the terminal.
| Interactive UI | `charmbracelet/huh` | A library for building interactive prompts and forms in the terminal.
| Utilities | `samber/lo` | A Lodash-style Go library for collections and common helpers.
| Environment Loading | `joho/godotenv` | Loads environment variables from `.env` files.
| Testing Framework | `onsi/ginkgo` | A BDD-style testing framework for Go.
| Assertion Library | `testify/assert` | A Go testing framework with useful assertions and mocks.
| Release Automation | `goreleaser/goreleaser` | Automates the entire Go project release cycle.
| UI Styling | `charmbracelet/lipgloss` | Style definitions for nice terminal layouts.
|===

== Contributing

We welcome contributions to `javascript-package-delegator`! If you're interested in contributing, please read our `CONTRIBUTING.md` (to be created) for guidelines on how to submit issues, features, and pull requests.

=== Writing Commands

When creating a new command for `jpd`, please follow these steps:

1.  **Create a New File:** In the `cmd` directory, create a new Go file named after your command (e.g., `mycommand.go`).
2.  **Define `New{CommandName}Cmd` Function:** Inside the new file, create a public function `New{CommandName}Cmd()` that returns a `*cobra.Command` instance. This function should contain the command's `Use`, `Short`, `Long` descriptions, `Aliases` (if any), `Args` validation, and the `RunE` or `PersistentPreRunE` logic.
3.  **Register Command in `root.go`:** In the `init()` function of `javascript-package-delegator/cmd/root.go`, add your new command to the `rootCmd` using `cmd.AddCommand(New{CommandName}Cmd())`.
4.  **Implement Flags and Arguments:** Define any command-specific flags or arguments within your `New{CommandName}Cmd` function. Ensure proper type and default value handling.
5.  **Write Tests:** Create corresponding tests for your new command in the `javascript-package-delegator_suite_test.go` file (or a dedicated test file if the command is complex), leveraging `ginkgo` and `testify/assert`.

TIP: Use `cobra-cli add <command-name>` as a starting point to generate the basic command structure.

NOTE: Remember to always add appropriate arguments and flags to your commands and handle them robustly.

CAUTION: Ginkgo runs tests in parallel by default. Be mindful of shared state in tests.

== License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the link:LICENSE[LICENSE] file for details.

Commit message:

docs: add scripts directory to README project structure
- Document check-coverage.sh and cleanup.sh scripts
- Update project structure section to reflect scripts directory
- Explains purpose of coverage checking and cleanup automation

README.adoc, after:

= javascript-package-delegator: A Universal JavaScript Package Manager CLI

:toc: left
:toclevels: 3
:sectnums:
:sectanchors:
:imagesdir: docs/images

image:https://img.shields.io/badge/made%20with-Go-blue.svg[Go]
image:https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/ci.yml?branch=main[CI]
image:https://img.shields.io/github/license/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator[License]
image:https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator[Latest Release]

// Abstract/Introduction
`javascript-package-delegator` (jpd) is a powerful and intuitive Command Line Interface (CLI) tool designed to streamline your workflow across various JavaScript package managers. Inspired by the simplicity of `@antfu/ni`, `jpd` automatically detects the package manager used in your project (npm, Yarn, pnpm, Bun, or Deno) based on existing lock files and configuration, then transparently delegates your commands to the appropriate tool.

This eliminates the need to remember different commands or continuously switch between package managers when collaborating in diverse teams or managing multiple projects. `jpd` provides a unified experience, allowing you to focus on development rather than toolchain nuances.

== Features

`jpd` offers a comprehensive set of features to simplify your JavaScript development experience:

*   **Automatic Package Manager Detection:** Intelligently identifies the active package manager by checking for `package-lock.json`, `yarn.lock`, `pnpm-lock.yaml`, `bun.lockb`, `deno.json`, `deno.jsonc`, or `deno.lock`.
*   **Unified Command Set:** Provides a consistent API for common package management tasks, regardless of the underlying tool:
    ** `jpd install` (`i`, `add`):** Installs project dependencies.
    ** `jpd run` (`r`):** Executes scripts defined in `package.json` or tasks in `deno.json`.
    ** `jpd exec` (`x`):** Executes packages (e.g., `npx`, `yarn dlx`, `pnpm dlx`, `bunx`).
    ** `jpd update` (`u`, `up`, `upgrade`):** Updates installed packages to their latest compatible versions.
    ** `jpd uninstall` (`un`, `remove`, `rm`):** Removes specified packages from your project.
    ** `jpd clean-install` (`ci`):** Performs a clean installation with a frozen lockfile, ideal for CI/CD environments and production builds.
    ** `jpd agent` (`a`):** Displays the detected package manager for the current project.
*   **Intelligent Yarn Version Handling:** Differentiates between Yarn v1 and Yarn v2+ for `clean-install` and `exec` commands, applying the correct flags (`--frozen-lockfile` vs. `--immutable` / `yarn` vs. `yarn dlx`).
*   **Interactive Package Installation (`-s`, `--search`):** Provides an interactive interface for users to search for packages on the npm registry and select which ones to install.
*   **Interactive Script/Task Selection:** When `jpd run` is executed without arguments, `jpd` displays an interactive list of available scripts from `package.json` (or tasks from `deno.json`) for you to choose from.
*   **Interactive Uninstall:** Use `jpd uninstall` without arguments or with the `-i` flag to interactively select and remove dependencies from your project.
*   **Automatic Package Manager Installation Prompt:** If `jpd` detects a lock file for a specific package manager (e.g., `yarn.lock`) but that package manager is not installed on your system, `jpd` will now interactively prompt you to provide a command to install it globally, ensuring you can quickly get started without manual setup.
*   **Flexible Agent Selection:** Override automatic detection using the `--agent` (`-a`) flag or the `JPD_AGENT` environment variable to explicitly specify your preferred package manager for a command or session.
*   **Change Directory Execution:** Use the `--cwd` (`-C`) flag to execute any `jpd` command within a specified directory without changing your current shell's working directory. This is particularly useful for running commands in sub-projects or remote locations without manually navigating. Note: paths provided to `--cwd` must end with a trailing `/` (e.g., `/path/to/project/`) unless the path is the root `/`. In CI builds that set the CI build flag via `-ldflags`, the trailing slash requirement is relaxed and both `path` and `path/` are accepted.
*   **Comprehensive Shell Completion:** `jpd` provides scripts to enable tab-completion for its commands and flags in popular shells, including Bash, Zsh, Fish, PowerShell, and Nushell.
*   **External Integrations:** Generate Warp terminal workflows and Carapace completion specs with the `integrate` command. See link:#integrations[Integrations] section.
*   **Volta Integration:** Automatically uses Volta to run Node.js package manager commands if Volta is detected on your system, ensuring the correct Node.js version (as defined by Volta) is used.
*   **Debugging Capabilities:** Enable a debug mode (`--debug` or `-d`) to view verbose logging, aiding in troubleshooting and understanding command execution.
*   **Go-based Performance:** Written in Go, `jpd` is compiled into a single static binary, offering fast execution and easy distribution without runtime dependencies.

== Installation

`jpd` is distributed as a single binary and can be installed via popular package managers or by downloading the binary directly.

[source,bash]
----
# Via Homebrew (macOS/Linux)
brew install louiss0/tap/jpd

# Via Scoop (Windows)
scoop bucket add louiss0 https://github.com/louiss0/scoop-bucket.git
scoop install jpd

# Via Winget (Windows)
winget install jpd

# Via Chocolatey (Windows)
choco install jpd

# Manual Installation (Cross-platform)
# Download the appropriate binary for your OS from the
# https://github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/releases[releases page]
# and place it in your system's PATH.
----

== Usage

=== CI build flag behavior

In Continuous Integration (CI) builds, you can toggle a build-time flag to relax the `--cwd` folder path trailing-slash validation. By default (local builds), `--cwd` values must end with `/` (except the root `/`). In CI mode, both `path` and `path/` are accepted.

How to build in CI mode (relaxed `--cwd`):

[source,bash]
----
# Tests
go test -ldflags "-X github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/build_info.rawCI=true" ./...

# Build
go build -ldflags "-X github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/build_info.rawCI=true" -o jpd ./...
----

Notes:
- CI mode is controlled only via `-ldflags` (no environment detection).
- The relaxation applies only to the `--cwd` folder path flag; other validations are unchanged.

Once installed, you can use `jpd` in place of your usual package manager commands.

=== General Usage

To see all available commands and global flags:
[source,bash]
----
jpd --help
----

To run a command:
[source,bash]
----
jpd <command> [arguments...] [flags...]
----

For command-specific help:
[source,bash]
----
jpd <command> --help
----

=== Commands at a Glance

A compact overview of `jpd` commands. For detailed usage, flags, and examples, see the complete https://louiss0.github.io/javascript-package-delegator/reference/commands/[command reference].

.Install and run basics:
* `jpd install` - Install dependencies
* `jpd run dev` - Run script/task

.Package execution:
* `jpd exec create-react-app my-app` - Execute packages

.Maintenance:
* `jpd update` - Update packages
* `jpd uninstall lodash` - Remove packages  
* `jpd clean-install` - Clean install (CI/CD)

.Agent:
* `jpd agent` - Show detected package manager

.Integrations (see docs for full details):
* `jpd integrate warp --output-dir ./workflows/` - Generate Warp workflow files
* `jpd integrate warp` - Print workflows as multi-doc YAML
* `jpd integrate carapace` - Install Carapace spec globally
* `jpd integrate carapace --stdout` - Print spec to stdout
* `jpd integrate carapace --output ./jpd.yaml` - Write spec to file

[[integrations]]
=== Integrations

Generate external tool integrations with the `integrate` command:

[source,bash]
----
# Warp workflows
jpd integrate warp --output-dir ./workflows/
jpd integrate warp  # print multi-doc YAML to stdout

# Carapace spec
jpd integrate carapace            # install globally (default)
jpd integrate carapace --stdout   # print to stdout
jpd integrate carapace --output ./jpd.yaml
----

For flags, precedence rules, and OS paths, see the https://louiss0.github.io/javascript-package-delegator/reference/commands/#integrate[Integrate command reference].

== Configuring automatic installation of JavaScript package managers

If a detected JavaScript package manager is not found a suitable installation command will be asked from you in an interative prompt. Once that happens the value will be stored in a file

== Contributing

NOTE:
.This project is developed using a Test-Driven Development (TDD) approach.
To run the test suite, use the `ginkgo` test runner:
[source,sh]
----
ginkgo run
----
To watch files for changes and re-run tests automatically:
[source,sh]
----
ginkgo watch
----
To validate behaviors related to `--cwd` path validation in CI mode, run tests with the CI build flag:
[source,sh]
----
go test ./... -race -coverprofile=coverage.out -ldflags "-X github.com/louiss0/javascript-package-delegator/build_info.rawCI=true"
----

== Project Structure

The project follows a modular structure to ensure maintainability and testability:

[source,sh]
----
├── cmd
│   ├── agent.go        // 'agent' command logic
│   ├── clean-install.go// 'clean-install' command logic
│   ├── completion.go   // 'completion' command logic, including all shell completions
│   ├── exec.go         // 'exec' command logic
│   ├── install.go      // 'install' command logic
│   ├── integrate.go    // 'integrate' command logic (warp, carapace)
│   ├── root.go         // Main Cobra root command setup and persistent logic
│   ├── run.go          // 'run' command logic
│   ├── uninstall.go    // 'uninstall' command logic
│   └── update.go       // 'update' command logic
├── cmd/assets          // Contains embedded assets for commands (e.g., Nushell completion script)
│   └── jpd-extern.nu
├── custom_errors       // Custom error definitions
│   └── root.go
├── custom_flags        // Custom Cobra flags for common use cases, including path validation
│   └── root.go
├── detect              // Package manager detection logic, including file system and path lookup abstractions for testability
│   └── root.go
├── env                 // Environment-related utilities (e.g., Go environment checks)
│   └── root.go
├── internal/integrations // Generators for Warp workflows and Carapace spec
├── jpd-test            // Test utilities and helpers
├── ni                  // (Potentially deprecated or internal alias related to `ni` inspiration)
├── scripts             // Development and CI scripts for testing and cleanup
│   ├── check-coverage.sh // Coverage threshold checking with auto-cleanup
│   └── cleanup.sh       // Clean up test artifacts and accidentally generated binaries
├── LICENSE
├── README.adoc         // This documentation file
├── cmd_test.go         // Tests for commands in `cmd` package
├── coverprofile.out    // Go test coverage output
├── default.nix         // Nix package configuration
├── detect_test.go      // Tests for `detect` package
├── go.mod              // Go module definition
├── go.sum              // Go module checksums
├── goreleaser.yaml     // GoReleaser configuration for releases
├── javascript-package-delegator_suite_test.go // Ginkgo test suite setup
└── main.go             // Entry point of the application
----

*   The `cmd` package contains the implementation for all `jpd` commands, organized into separate files for clarity.
*   `cmd/assets` is a new directory storing assets embedded directly with their Go code.
*   `custom_errors` is designed for creating named, reusable error types.
*   `custom_flags` provides generic flag definitions for Cobra commands, now including robust path validation.
*   The `detect` package encapsulates the logic for identifying the JavaScript package manager in a project, now with improved testability via injected file system and path lookup interfaces.
*   The `env` package contains environment-related utilities, potentially including checks for production/development modes.

== Tools and Libraries Used

`jpd` is built using robust Go libraries and tools:

|===
| Type | Name | Description

| CLI Framework | `spf13/cobra` | A library for creating powerful modern CLI applications.
| Logging | `charmbracelet/log` | A structured, colorful logger for the terminal.
| Interactive UI | `charmbracelet/huh` | A library for building interactive prompts and forms in the terminal.
| Utilities | `samber/lo` | A Lodash-style Go library for collections and common helpers.
| Environment Loading | `joho/godotenv` | Loads environment variables from `.env` files.
| Testing Framework | `onsi/ginkgo` | A BDD-style testing framework for Go.
| Assertion Library | `testify/assert` | A Go testing framework with useful assertions and mocks.
| Release Automation | `goreleaser/goreleaser` | Automates the entire Go project release cycle.
| UI Styling | `charmbracelet/lipgloss` | Style definitions for nice terminal layouts.
|===

== Contributing

We welcome contributions to `javascript-package-delegator`! If you're interested in contributing, please read our `CONTRIBUTING.md` (to be created) for guidelines on how to submit issues, features, and pull requests.

=== Writing Commands

When creating a new command for `jpd`, please follow these steps:

1.  **Create a New File:** In the `cmd` directory, create a new Go file named after your command (e.g., `mycommand.go`).
2.  **Define `New{CommandName}Cmd` Function:** Inside the new file, create a public function `New{CommandName}Cmd()` that returns a `*cobra.Command` instance. This function should contain the command's `Use`, `Short`, `Long` descriptions, `Aliases` (if any), `Args` validation, and the `RunE` or `PersistentPreRunE` logic.
3.  **Register Command in `root.go`:** In the `init()` function of `javascript-package-delegator/cmd/root.go`, add your new command to the `rootCmd` using `cmd.AddCommand(New{CommandName}Cmd())`.
4.  **Implement Flags and Arguments:** Define any command-specific flags or arguments within your `New{CommandName}Cmd` function. Ensure proper type and default value handling.
5.  **Write Tests:** Create corresponding tests for your new command in the `javascript-package-delegator_suite_test.go` file (or a dedicated test file if the command is complex), leveraging `ginkgo` and `testify/assert`.

TIP: Use `cobra-cli add <command-name>` as a starting point to generate the basic command structure.

NOTE: Remember to always add appropriate arguments and flags to your commands and handle them robustly.

CAUTION: Ginkgo runs tests in parallel by default. Be mindful of shared state in tests.

== License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the link:LICENSE[LICENSE] file for details.
